README.md, before:

# RDBOX (A Robotics Developers BOX)
[![Github Release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/rdbox-intec/rdbox.svg)](https://github.com/rdbox-intec/rdbox/releases)

An open source IoT / Robotics platform that **provides ALL layers (L1 to L7)** of the OSI reference model.

:point_down:"NETWORK and COMPUTER groups" will be built **automatically** and maintained **automatically**.:point_down:

<div align="center">
<img src="./images/you_can_easily_make_by_rdbox.png" title="./images/you_can_easily_make_by_rdbox.png" width=720px></img>
</div>


You can get your only **mesh Wi-Fi network-covered space** and **compute power provided by [Kubernetes computer clusters](https://kubernetes.io/)** optimized for robots and IoT.

These can be easily get with only **about 2 operations** for a virtual machine ([VirtualBox](https://www.virtualbox.org/) or [AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/jp/)) and [Raspberry Pi](https://www.raspberrypi.org/).

## Getting Started
<img src="./images/prepare_by_you_of_rdbox.png" title="../images/prepare_by_you_of_rdbox.png" width=580px>

If you just want to try RDBOX out, check out the [Our Wiki page](../../wiki) to give it a whirl.

It is possible to start with a small investment and to scale up.

* [One of our utilities, flashRDBOX, ](https://github.com/rdbox-intec/flashRDBOX)allows interactive dependency injection (DI) to RaspberryPi. There is no need for difficult operations.
* If you own [TurtleBot3](http://emanual.robotis.com/docs/en/platform/turtlebot3/overview/), you can also experience the deployment of ROS applications.
* Otherwise, you can learn the procedure for building development environment with RDBOX.

## Features
Make your job easy with **3 features**.

### **1. Orchestrate all resources** running "ROS robots".
* You will get a simpler and creative development experience than [deploying with traditional roslaunch](http://wiki.ros.org/roslaunch). Furthermore, it becomes easy to control a lot of groups of robots. 
* Orchestrate ROS nodes on robots and conputer resources by [Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/).
    - **Allow mixing of x86 and ARM architecture CPU.**
    - k8s master will run on AWS EC2 or VirtualBox on your PC.
* Connect with the robots and others by [Mesh Wi-Fi Network](https://www.open-mesh.org/projects/open-mesh/wiki).
* Connect with the Clouds/On-Premise by [VPN Network](https://github.com/SoftEtherVPN/SoftEtherVPN_Stable).

![RDBOX_SHOW.gif](./images/RDBOX_SHOW.gif "show")

### **2. Make It yourself!!**
* The RDBOX Edge devices builds with Raspberry Pi 3B/3B+.
* There is no worry that the back port will be installed. (All source code and hardware are disclosed.)
* Raspberry Pi provides you edge computing and Wi-Fi network and environmental sensors and more.
* Provide assembly procedure and original SD card image.

![parts_of_edge.jpeg](./images/parts_of_edge.jpeg "parts")

### **3. NETWORK CONNECT**
* Easily set up a dedicated local area network for robots.
    - Simply connect RDBOX in between the internet and your service robot. In one simple step, you can build a local area network and development environment. No knowledge of internet or networking is necessary.
* Many network applications, including NTP, are offered with the product. Automate your network robot management.
* All you need is a power source. Cover the whole movable range of mobile robots with a Wi-Fi network.

![RDBOX_FETURES.gif](./images/rdbox_fetures.png "fetures")


## Compared with other robotics platforms.
**3 Advantages** compared to competitor's "robot development platform".
### 1. The RDBOX Provides ALL layers (L1 to L7) of the OSI reference model.
* Competitor's "robot development platform" does not support it. You may need to pay a great deal of money to a specialist for consultation.
   - Providing access points via mesh Wi-Fi. The robot just connects to the access point.
   - It is possible to get security measures such as VPN and firewall andmore..., and convenient functions such as network application. 
### 2. The RDBOX can be made with general equipment.
* You can start using it with the "laptop" and "Raspberry Pi3B / 3B +" you may already have.
   - You can start using it with the "laptop" and "Raspberry Pi3B / 3B +" you may already have.
### 3. The RDBOX take in the good points of other companies' robot development platforms.
* It can be used by combining "simulator linkage" and "existing API service" that other companies are good at.
   - Object Detection API
   - Reinforcement learning by Gazebo.
   - and more..


## Components

### Our Components
* [flashRDBOX](https://github.com/rdbox-intec/flashRDBOX)
   - RDBOX command tool to write SD image files to SD card.
* [go\-transproxy](https://github.com/rdbox-intec/go-transproxy)
   - Transparent proxy servers for HTTP, HTTPS, DNS and TCP.
* [rdbox\-middleware](https://github.com/rdbox-intec/rdbox-middleware)
   - Middleware for RDBOX
* [image\-builder\-rpi](https://github.com/rdbox-intec/image-builder-rpi)
   - SD card image for Raspberry Pi with Docker: HypriotOS

### Third Components
* [hostapd](https://salsa.debian.org/debian/wpa)
   - hostapd is an IEEE 802.11 AP and IEEE 802.1X/WPA/WPA2/EAP/RADIUS Authenticator.
   - We are applying and applying [rour patch.](https://github.com/rdbox-intec/softether-patches)
* [SoftEtherVPN\_Stable](https://github.com/SoftEtherVPN/SoftEtherVPN_Stable) 
   - Open Cross-platform Multi-protocol VPN Software.
   - We are applying and applying [our patch.](https://github.com/rdbox-intec/wpa-patches)
- [bridge\-utils](https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/shemminger/bridge-utils.git/)
   - Utilities for configuring the Linux Ethernet bridge.
- [dnsmasq](http://www.thekelleys.org.uk/dnsmasq/doc.html)
   - network services for small networks.
- [nfs](http://nfs.sourceforge.net/)
   - support for NFS kernel server.
- etc.....



## Vision
Make Robot Engineers' Work a Lot Easier. You can control Network Robot with ease by our **RDBOX**

## Licence
Licensed under the [MIT](/LICENSE) license.

Commit message:

upd Readme.md
Added wording to prompt you to view the release notes.

README.md, after:

# RDBOX (A Robotics Developers BOX)
[![Github Release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/rdbox-intec/rdbox.svg)](https://github.com/rdbox-intec/rdbox/releases)

An open source IoT / Robotics platform that **provides ALL layers (L1 to L7)** of the OSI reference model.

:bullettrain_side:It is **built automatically** and **maintained automatically**.:bullettrain_side:
  
<div align="center">
<img src="./images/you_can_easily_make_by_rdbox.png" title="./images/you_can_easily_make_by_rdbox.png" width=720px></img>
</div>

You can get your only **mesh Wi-Fi network-covered space** and **compute power provided by [Kubernetes computer clusters](https://kubernetes.io/)** optimized for robots and IoT.

The competitor's "robot development platform" does not support management of on-site networks and computers.

These can be easily get with only **about 2 operations** for a virtual machine ([VirtualBox](https://www.virtualbox.org/) or [AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/jp/)) and [Raspberry Pi](https://www.raspberrypi.org/).

## Getting Started
<img src="./images/prepare_by_you_of_rdbox.png" title="../images/prepare_by_you_of_rdbox.png" width=580px>

Please also refer to [the latest release notes.](https://github.com/rdbox-intec/rdbox/releases)

If you just want to try RDBOX out, check out the [Our Wiki page](../../wiki) to give it a whirl.

It is possible to start with a small investment and to scale up.

* [One of our utilities, flashRDBOX, ](https://github.com/rdbox-intec/flashRDBOX)allows interactive dependency injection (DI) to RaspberryPi. There is no need for difficult operations.
* If you own [TurtleBot3](http://emanual.robotis.com/docs/en/platform/turtlebot3/overview/), you can also experience the deployment of ROS applications.
* Otherwise, you can learn the procedure for building development environment with RDBOX.

## Features
Make your job easy with **3 features**.

### **1. Orchestrate all resources** running "ROS robots".
* You will get a simpler and creative development experience than [deploying with traditional roslaunch](http://wiki.ros.org/roslaunch). Furthermore, it becomes easy to control a lot of groups of robots. 
* Orchestrate ROS nodes on robots and conputer resources by [Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/).
    - **Allow mixing of x86 and ARM architecture CPU.**
    - k8s master will run on AWS EC2 or VirtualBox on your PC.
* Connect with the robots and others by [Mesh Wi-Fi Network](https://www.open-mesh.org/projects/open-mesh/wiki).
* Connect with the Clouds/On-Premise by [VPN Network](https://github.com/SoftEtherVPN/SoftEtherVPN_Stable).

![RDBOX_SHOW.gif](./images/RDBOX_SHOW.gif "show")

### **2. Make It yourself!!**
* The RDBOX Edge devices builds with Raspberry Pi 3B/3B+.
* There is no worry that the back port will be installed. (All source code and hardware are disclosed.)
* Raspberry Pi provides you edge computing and Wi-Fi network and environmental sensors and more.
* Provide assembly procedure and original SD card image.

![parts_of_edge.jpeg](./images/parts_of_edge.jpeg "parts")

### **3. NETWORK CONNECT**
* Easily set up a dedicated local area network for robots.
    - Simply connect RDBOX in between the internet and your service robot. In one simple step, you can build a local area network and development environment. No knowledge of internet or networking is necessary.
* Many network applications, including NTP, are offered with the product. Automate your network robot management.
* All you need is a power source. Cover the whole movable range of mobile robots with a Wi-Fi network.

![RDBOX_FETURES.gif](./images/rdbox_fetures.png "fetures")


## Compared with other robotics platforms.
**3 Advantages** compared to competitor's "robot development platform".
### 1. The RDBOX Provides ALL layers (L1 to L7) of the OSI reference model.
* Competitor's "robot development platform" does not support it. You may need to pay a great deal of money to a specialist for consultation.
   - Providing access points via mesh Wi-Fi. The robot just connects to the access point.
   - It is possible to get security measures such as VPN and firewall andmore..., and convenient functions such as network application. 
### 2. The RDBOX can be made with general equipment.
* You can start using it with the "laptop" and "Raspberry Pi3B / 3B +" you may already have.
   - You can start using it with the "laptop" and "Raspberry Pi3B / 3B +" you may already have.
### 3. The RDBOX take in the good points of other companies' robot development platforms.
* It can be used by combining "simulator linkage" and "existing API service" that other companies are good at.
   - Object Detection API
   - Reinforcement learning by Gazebo.
   - and more..


## Components

### Our Components
* [flashRDBOX](https://github.com/rdbox-intec/flashRDBOX)
   - RDBOX command tool to write SD image files to SD card.
* [go\-transproxy](https://github.com/rdbox-intec/go-transproxy)
   - Transparent proxy servers for HTTP, HTTPS, DNS and TCP.
* [rdbox\-middleware](https://github.com/rdbox-intec/rdbox-middleware)
   - Middleware for RDBOX
* [image\-builder\-rpi](https://github.com/rdbox-intec/image-builder-rpi)
   - SD card image for Raspberry Pi with Docker: HypriotOS

### Third Components
* [hostapd](https://salsa.debian.org/debian/wpa)
   - hostapd is an IEEE 802.11 AP and IEEE 802.1X/WPA/WPA2/EAP/RADIUS Authenticator.
   - We are applying and applying [rour patch.](https://github.com/rdbox-intec/softether-patches)
* [SoftEtherVPN\_Stable](https://github.com/SoftEtherVPN/SoftEtherVPN_Stable) 
   - Open Cross-platform Multi-protocol VPN Software.
   - We are applying and applying [our patch.](https://github.com/rdbox-intec/wpa-patches)
- [bridge\-utils](https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/shemminger/bridge-utils.git/)
   - Utilities for configuring the Linux Ethernet bridge.
- [dnsmasq](http://www.thekelleys.org.uk/dnsmasq/doc.html)
   - network services for small networks.
- [nfs](http://nfs.sourceforge.net/)
   - support for NFS kernel server.
- etc.....



## Vision
Make Robot Engineers' Work a Lot Easier. You can control Network Robot with ease by our **RDBOX**

## Licence
Licensed under the [MIT](/LICENSE) license.
